Relacionados a Develop a video monitoring system for dairy estrus detection at night


There are 3 characteristics of dairy cows which are typically
detected during estrus. The first characteristic refers to
behavior changes. Mounting is the most common behavior
detected during estrus. Wowing, enhancing activity, walking
along the fence, laying the lower forehead onto the back ridge
of other cows can also be observed more frequently during
estrus. The second characteristic refers to body changes, such
as dirty lateral abdomen, hair clutter and hair loss over the tail
root, and redness and swelling over the perineum. The last
characteristic includes poor appetite and urinary frequency [2].
The traditional estrus detection relies on close observation by
humans. But the observer should stay around the farm for long
time and also can make mistakes by missing those
characteristics.

Afimilk Co. in Israel has developed a AfiTag pedometer
to record the numbers of cow steps. Since the activity of dairy
cows is increased during estrus, the numbers recorded by the
pedometer placed over the cow ankle can be further analyzed
by the computer. The analyses can help owners to identify if the
cows are under estrus or not [3]. Besides, Shen et al. [4] have
developed a skin-attached sensor which can detect the cow
movement acceleration over 3 axes (x, y, and z axis), which
than can be analyzed by the computer algorithm to further
classify the cow movement into static or dynamic (slight or
sharp motion) status. This helps owners to identify if the dairy
cow is under estrus or healthy or not. In addition, DVM system
LLC. has designed a gastric temperature-measuring product
which can be swallowed by the cow. This product includes a
temperature sensor and a RFID chip. The reader which can
receive signals is placed at the entrance of the milk squeezing
area. The ID and the corresponding temperature signal of the
cow can be recorded each time when the cow passes the
entrance. The temperature changes of cow can help to evaluate
if the cows are under estrus or sick [5]. Also, Kwong et al. [6]
have used low power consumption sensor nodes as the base
elements of a data gathering and communication infrastructure
to monitor the physical and physiological conditions of cows.
This infrastructure can be utilized over both dense house and
free grazing cows. However, in direct contact monitor systems
proposed, the sensors directly contact the cow skin leading to the discomfort of cows. Therefore, non-contact monitor
systems are then developed. Tsai and Huang [7] have
established an estrus detection system of dairy cows based on
the imaging processing technology. But this system can only be
used at daytime, which cannot detect estrus-related behaviors
usually occurring at night. It then becomes a disadvantage of
this system.








------------------------------------------------------------------

Design, Deployment, and Validation of a Low-Cost
IoT Platform based on LoRa for Precision Dairy
Farming

